Citation Nr: A25084404
Decision Date: 09/30/25	Archive Date: 09/30/25

DOCKET NO. 250716-566207
DATE: September 30, 2025

ORDER

Entitlement to an evaluation in excess of 50 percent for posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is denied.

Entitlement to an effective date of November 10, 2022, for the grant of a total disability rating based on individual unemployability due to service-connected disabilities (TDIU) is granted.

Entitlement to an effective date of November 10, 2022, for the grant of basic eligibility for Dependents' Educational Assistance (DEA) is granted.

FINDINGS OF FACT

1. Throughout the period on appeal, the Veteran's PTSD symptoms manifested in occupational and social impairment with reduced reliability and productivity.

2. After submitting an intent to file on November 10, 2022, the Veteran filed a claim for increased rating for PTSD on January 19, 2023, and a formal claim for TDIU on January 23, 2023, listing PTSD and other service-connected disabilities.

3. The Veteran's TDIU was granted based on symptoms of PTSD, prostate cancer residuals, diabetes mellitus, and diabetic neuropathy.

CONCLUSIONS OF LAW

1. The criteria for an evaluation in excess of 50 percent for PTSD have not been met.  38 U.S.C. §§ 1155, 5107(b); 38 C.F.R. §§ 3.102, 4.1-4.10, 4.130, Diagnostic Code 9411.

2. The criteria for an effective date of November 10, 2022, for the grant of a TDIU have been met.  38 U.S.C. § 5110; 38 C.F.R. §§ 3.400, 4.16.

3. The criteria for an effective date of November 10, 2022, for the grant of basic eligibility for DEA benefits have been met.  38 U.S.C. §§ 3501, 5110; 38 C.F.R. § 3.400.

REASONS AND BASES FOR FINDINGS AND CONCLUSIONS

The Veteran had active duty service in the United States Marine Corps from September 1965 to September 1969.

The rating decision on appeal was issued by the agency of original jurisdiction (AOJ) in March 2023.  The Veteran requested Higher-Level Review of this decision, which resulted in a continued denial issued in July 2024.  In a timely VA Form 10182 (Decision Review Request: Board Appeal) received in July 2025 the Veteran elected the Direct Review option for this appeal; therefore, the Board may consider only the evidence in the record at the time of the March 2023 AOJ decision.  See 38 C.F.R. § 20.301.  If evidence was submitted during the period after the AOJ issued the decision on appeal, the Board did not consider it in its decision.  See 38 C.F.R. §§ 20.300, 20.301, 20.801.

If the Veteran would like VA to consider any evidence that was submitted that the Board could not consider, the Veteran may file a Supplemental Claim (VA Form 20-0995) and submit or identify this evidence.  See 38 C.F.R. § 3.2501.  If the evidence is new and relevant, VA will issue another decision on the claims, considering the new evidence in addition to the evidence previously considered.  See id.  Specific instructions for filing a Supplemental Claim are included with this decision.

Increased Rating

Disability ratings are determined by applying the criteria set forth in the Schedule for Rating Disabilities and are intended to represent the average impairment of earning capacity resulting from disability.  38 U.S.C. § 1155; 38 C.F.R. § 4.1.  When there is a question as to which of two ratings apply, VA will assign the higher of the two where the disability picture more nearly approximates the criteria for the next higher rating; otherwise, the lower rating will be assigned.  38 C.F.R. § 4.7.

Disabilities must be viewed in relation to their entire history.  38 C.F.R. § 4.1.  VA is required to interpret reports of examination in light of the whole recorded history, reconciling the various reports into a consistent picture so that the current rating may accurately reflect the elements of disability.  38 C.F.R. § 4.2.  Any reasonable doubt regarding the degree of disability will be resolved in favor of the claimant.  38 C.F.R. § 4.3.  VA is also required to evaluate functional impairment on the basis of lack of usefulness and the effects of the disabilities upon the claimant's ordinary activity.  38 C.F.R. § 4.10; see generally Schafrath v. Derwinski, 1 Vet. App. 589 (1991).

Entitlement to an evaluation in excess of 50 percent for PTSD

Throughout the period on appeal, the Veteran is in receipt of a 50 percent evaluation for PTSD under Diagnostic Code 9411.

This diagnostic code uses the General Rating Formula for Mental Disorders for rating criteria.  38 C.F.R. § 4.130.  Under the general formula, a 50 percent evaluation is warranted where there is occupational and social impairment with reduced reliability and productivity due to such symptoms as flattened affect; circumstantial, circumlocutory, or stereotyped speech; panic attacks more than once a week; difficulty in understanding complex commands; impairment of short- and long-term memory (e.g. retention of only highly learned material, forgetting to complete tasks); impaired judgment; impaired abstract thinking; disturbances of motivation and mood; or difficulty in establishing and maintaining effective work and social relationships.

A 70 percent rating is assigned where there is occupational and social impairment with deficiencies in most areas, such as work, school, family relations, judgment, thinking or mood, due to such symptoms as suicidal ideation; obsessional rituals which interfere with routine activities; speech intermittently illogical, obscure, or irrelevant; near-continuous panic or depression affecting the ability to function independently, appropriately, and effectively; impaired impulse control (such as unprovoked irritability with periods of violence); spatial disorientation; neglect of personal appearance and hygiene; difficulty in adapting to stressful circumstances (including work or a work-like setting); or inability to establish and maintain effective relationships.

A 100 percent evaluation is warranted where there is total occupational and social impairment, due to such symptoms as gross impairment in thought processes or communication; persistent delusions or hallucinations, grossly inappropriate behavior; persistent danger of hurting self or others; intermittent inability to perform activities of daily living (including maintenance of minimal personal hygiene); disorientation to time or place; or memory loss for names of close relatives, own occupation, or own name.

The United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit held that evaluation under 38 C.F.R. § 4.130 is "symptom-driven," meaning that "symptomatology should be the fact-finder's primary focus when deciding entitlement to a given disability rating."  Vasquez-Claudio v. Shinseki, 713 F.3d 112, 116-17 (Fed. Cir. 2013).  The symptoms listed are not exhaustive, but rather, "serve as examples of the type and degree of symptom, or their effects, that would justify a particular rating."  Mauerhan v. Principi, 16 Vet. App. 436, 442 (2002).  In the context of determining whether a higher disability evaluation is warranted, the analysis requires considering "not only the presence of certain symptoms but also that those symptoms have caused occupational and social impairment in most of the referenced areas;" that is, "the regulation . . . requires an ultimate factual conclusion as to the Veteran's level of impairment in 'most areas.'"  Vasquez-Claudio, 713 F.3d at 117-18.

Further, when evaluating a mental disorder, the Board must consider the "frequency, severity, and duration of psychiatric symptoms, the length of remissions, and the Veteran's capacity for adjustment during periods of remission."  38 C.F.R. § 4.126(a).  The Board must also "assign an evaluation based on all the evidence of record that bears on occupational and social impairment rather than solely on the examiner's assessment of the level of disability at the moment of examination."  Id.

Accordingly, an examiner's classification of the level of psychiatric impairment is to be considered but is not determinative of the VA disability rating to be assigned; the percentage evaluation is to be based on all the evidence that bears on occupational and social impairment.  Id.; see also 38 C.F.R. § 4.126, VAOPGCPREC 10-95, 60 Fed. Reg. 43186 (1995).

Here, the Veteran filed his Supplemental Claim for an increased rating for PTSD on January 19, 2023.  During the period on appeal, the Veteran's VA treatment records do not contain any mental health treatment.  He did not identify or submit any records of private mental health treatment.

In January 2023, the Veteran was afforded a VA psychiatric examination, at which he reported being married for 49 years, with three children and two grandchildren.  The Veteran endorsed symptoms including depressed mood, anxiety, suspiciousness, chronic sleep impairment, memory loss, and disturbances of motivation and mood.  The examiner noted the Veteran was alert and oriented, with a stable mood and restricted affect.  The Veteran's speech was noted to be articulate without notable problems with language, and his verbal content was rational and topic-focused.  The examiner noted the Veteran's cognitive functions were intact, and his insight, judgment, and impulse control were considered to be in the normal range.

The Veteran did not submit any lay statements describing his current psychiatric symptoms, and no other evidence relevant to the period on appeal is present in the record.

After careful review of the evidence of record, the Board finds an increased evaluation is not warranted in this case.

The Board finds the Veteran's PTSD symptoms correspond most closely with the criteria for a 50 percent evaluation rather than a higher evaluation.  In particular, the Board notes the symptoms evidenced in the record are contemplated in the criteria for a 50 percent evaluation, including memory loss and disturbance of motivation and mood.  More importantly, the Veteran's reported symptoms do not appear to result in occupational and social impairment with deficiencies in most areas.  The Veteran is in a long-term marriage, and did not report difficulties in relating to his family.  The examiner noted there was no impairment of judgment, insight, or thinking.  Although the Veteran endorsed depression and anxiety, the record does not reflect that these result in more than reduced reliability and productivity.  There is no competent evidence of deficiencies in most areas, such as work, school, family relations, judgment, thinking or mood.  There is also no competent evidence of suicidal ideation; obsessional rituals which interfere with routine activities; speech intermittently illogical, obscure, or irrelevant; near-continuous panic or depression affecting the ability to function independently, appropriately, and effectively; impaired impulse control (such as unprovoked irritability with periods of violence); spatial disorientation; neglect of personal appearance and hygiene; or symptoms of similar severity, frequency, and duration.  Therefore, the Board finds a rating in excess of 50 percent for the Veteran's service-connected PTSD is not warranted throughout the period on appeal.

Effective Dates

1. Entitlement to an effective date prior to January 23, 2023, for the grant of a TDIU

2. Entitlement to an effective date prior to January 23, 2023, for the grant of basic eligibility for DEA benefits

The effective date of an award of increased compensation is typically based on the date of claim or the date entitlement arose, whichever is later.  38 C.F.R. § 3.400(o)(1).  An effective date of an award of increased compensation can be assigned up to one year prior to the date of claim if it is factually ascertainable that a definitive increase in severity in disability occurred during that period.  38 C.F.R. § 3.400(o)(2).  The date of receipt is the date on which a claim, information, or evidence is received by VA.  38 C.F.R. § 3.1(r).

Total disability ratings for compensation may be assigned, where the schedular rating is less than total, when the disabled person is, in the judgment of the rating agency, unable to secure or follow a substantially gainful occupation as a result of service-connected disabilities.  38 C.F.R. § 4.16(a).

Basic eligibility for DEA benefits is established where the veteran on whose service the educational assistance benefits are based has a total disability permanent in nature resulting from a service-connected disability sustained during a period of qualifying service.  38 U.S.C. § 3501(1)(D)(i).

Here, the Veteran submitted an intent to file on November 10, 2022, indicating that he intended to file a compensation claim.  On January 19, 2023, the Veteran filed a supplemental claim for an increased rating for PTSD.

On January 23, 2023, the Veteran filed an application for increased compensation based on unemployability, claiming that all his service-connected disabilities, including PTSD, prostate cancer residuals, diabetes mellitus, diabetic neuropathy, and erectile dysfunction, prevented him from securing or following any substantially gainful occupation.  The Veteran reported that he last worked in lawn service, for himself, in September 2015.

The Veteran attended a series of VA examinations beginning on January 31, 2023, to assess the current severity of his service-connected PTSD, diabetes mellitus, diabetic neuropathy, and prostate cancer residuals.  In the March 2023 rating decision on appeal here, the AOJ found these examinations indicated that symptoms of all the Veteran's service-connected disabilities interfered with his employment.  The AOJ granted entitlement to a TDIU effective January 23, 2023, the date the Veteran's TDIU application was received by VA.

After careful review of the evidence of record, the Board finds an earlier effective date for TDIU and basic eligibility for DEA benefits is warranted in this case.

(Continued on the next page)

?

The Veteran asserts that the effective date for TDIU should correspond to the November 2022 intent to file because the first completed claim was an increased rating for PTSD, and the TDIU was based in part on PTSD symptoms.  The Board finds here that the TDIU was raised as part of the PTSD increased rating claim.  The Court has held that entitlement to TDIU is an element of all appeals of an increased evaluation when such claim is raised by the record or asserted by the veteran.  Rice v. Shinseki, 22 Vet. App. 447, 454-55 (2009).  As the Veteran submitted the formal TDIU claim close in time to the PTSD claim, and listed PTSD as one of the disabilities preventing him from working, the Board finds the TDIU claim is part of the appeal for an increased evaluation for the PTSD.  Therefore, the appropriate effective date for the TDIU is the same as that for the PTSD increased rating claim, which is the date the intent to file was received by VA, on November 10, 2022.

As basic eligibility for DEA benefits is based on the finding of permanent and total disability in this case, see 38 U.S.C. § 3501, the Board likewise finds that the effective date for basic eligibility for DEA benefits is also November 10, 2022.





M. HYLAND

Veterans Law Judge

Board of Veterans' Appeals

Attorney for the Board	K. Josey

The Board's decision in this case is binding only with respect to the instant matter decided. This decision is not precedential and does not establish VA policies or interpretations of general applicability. 38 C.F.R. § 20.1303.

